Add digital ocaen (#1)
qdrant/hybrid-cloud-examples: digitalocean/terraform/modules/cluster-setup/README.md

# Custer and network setup

> This module is for baisic setup VPC and k8s cluster in DigitalOcean project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module is for a basic VPC and k8s cluster setup in a DigitalOcean project. 
```
